now we welcome all of our middle school
students on the field of join the high
schools in tonight's grand finale the
combined band includes games from Vista
Verde and Plaza vista middle schools
conducted by marque hace Rancho middle
school rancho middle school under the
direction of communist Balin southlake
middle school under the direction of
Jason Grenier lakeside middle school in
the direction of Nathan Robbins
the natto middle school in the direction
of brendan mcgrath
middle school in the direction of Henry
Miller
from irvine unified we can join their
rock and rendition of louie louie
followed by their tribute to america in
this is my country the mass band will be
conducted by two of our own news
directors from northwood high school mr.
Ben case and from University guys go mr.
Corey head mewed up for your benefit
acular combined bad
mr. Ben case grunting nearby Mankin
tacular 2000 combined man please welcome
to the stand mr. Corey headin
Oh
high schools middle schools in reply
back to thank you for your involvement
and dedication is supporting a
continuous edition of demanding musical
excellence in irvine let's keep the
spirit alive and make music heard we'd
like to thank the parents give it up for
your parents
those parents who contribute their
respective band boosters and make such
performances law school as well as a
special thanks to the Timberwolf
instrumental music boosters and the
University band aids especial thanks to
the committee members for helping to
organize this entire event the
outstanding technical staff and to all
the performers tonight for continuing
the great tradition of music in Irvine
and a final thanks to all the pair of
siblings and friends and other community
members for coming out to show your
strong support and appreciation by
attending you irvine band spectacular at
this time please allow all of the high
school marching bands to exit the field
while the middle schoolers pack their
instruments up on the track once the
high school students have exited the
stadium the middle school students will
exit and the parents can then meet their
students outside the stadium on the
practice field parents are not allowed
down on the track or a football field so
everybody have a safe drive home thanks
for attending and we'll see you next
year Aloha